hey guys it's me here girl AK of X and
today I'm back with another commentary
um I literally spent all afternoon
trying to get a better gameplay than
this we guys but to be completely honest
I totally just gave up um it's actually
a pretty decent game though I in my
opinion at least so hopefully you enjoy
that in the background I'm it was
actually a really really quick TDM which
is something that's quite rare and
ghosts so I don't know it's gonna be
really short commentary so I'm gonna get
straight into it today I'm going to be
talking about five unknown facts about
me um this was really hard for me to
think of because I literally tell you
guys absolutely everything about me so
it was really hard anyway um so growing
up actually wore braces and glasses up
until I was probably about 15 so i don't
know if you can imagine that i looked
really really nerdy and no boys were
interested in me at all so yeah actually
around that same time I was bullied in
high school as well in high school in
Australia it's when you're 13 so in year
7 I was actually um friends with a group
of girls and 41 for some unknown reason
one of the girls decided to tell all the
other girls that I had been talking
about all of them behind their backs and
all of them I guess just ganged up on me
and I'm kicked me out of their group so
I was left friendless so I didn't have
any friends and I just became really
really introverted and I was actually
really extroverted before so it really
changed me maybe i'll talk about it more
in the future so yeah I guess the next
thing is that when i was 21 i think i
think i was 21 this couple of years ago
actually met Pharrell he was in Sydney a
couple of years ago and myself and a
couple of colleagues from work we went
to like a celebration thing because like
we met our sales targets I was wet
working at a stall at the time so we
went out to a place called luna park in
sydney and um pharrell and like a bunch
of his friends
happened to be there at the same time as
all if I can actually figure out how to
insert a photo of the photo we took with
him I will do that now but other than
that um if I don't figure it out I'll
probably instagram it for you guys to
see I'm also one of those people who
just absolutely hate it when I see
people making out in public I think it's
just really gross but funnily enough my
first kiss was actually really really
public it was actually at a train
station near my high school it was with
the guy I was dating at the time who was
my high school boyfriend and I remember
we were just having a chat and he just
like went for it and I was like whoa
that's usually how it happens I think um
I also have not touched alcohol in I
think four years in Australia you can
actually start drinking at 18 but I sort
of went through this phase in my life
where I partied way too much and one day
I just start I decided that it was
really unhealthy and I just haven't
touched a drop of alcohol in probably
four or five years so it's been a long
time so yeah that is it with the five
unknown facts about me hopefully you
guys found it interesting um I've
actually been uploading I don't know if
you guys have noticed I've been
uploading a lot more frequently recently
and um oh no hopefully you guys haven't
missed any of my recent videos but if
you guys have I'm going to leave a
couple of the links down below so make
sure to check my recent videos out my
hope you guys have enjoyed this video
and i guess i will speak to you later
bye